Add special namespaces specs (#852)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/specs/clients/sign/namespaces.md

If the wallet (or the user) does NOT approve the session, then it is rejected. Otherwise, the wallet responds with a slightly different namespace schema: Session Namespace. Instead of having a list of `chains`, it has list of `accounts` compatible with the given methods and events. If the wallet approves a session proposal, it needs to approve all methods and events of all Proposal Namespaces. If needed, the Wallet can add permissions for more methods and events than the ones requested, but never less.

> Wallet can also define special namespaces that do not require a target chain and are preffixed with "wallet_". Special namespace are always defined by a wallet in the init function of SignSDK and can be used to send method such as: wallet_switchEthereumChain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wallet can also define a special set of methods & events that can be sent without a target chain and are prefixed with "wallet_". Special namespaces are always defined by the wallet in the init function of SignSDK via the `specialNamespaces` parameter. 
Example: a dapp can request `wallet_addEthereumChain` without targeting a specific chain.
```

## Namespace Config

The wallet can also define a special set of methods & events that can be sent without a target chain and one example of this are methods prefixed by "wallet_". Special namespaces are always defined by the wallet in the setNamespaceConfig function of SignSDK via the `specialNamespaces` parameter. When `NamespaceConfig` is set, there is no need for a wallet to pass Session Namespaces within the approve session method. In this case, Session Namespaces are generated internally.
Example: a dapp can request `wallet_addEthereumChain` without targeting a specific chain.

### Example Namespace Config

```json
{
  "specialNamespaces": {
    "wallet": {
      "methods": ["wallet_getPermissions", "wallet_switchEthereumChain", "wallet_creds_store"],
      "events": []
    }
  },
  "supportedNamespaces": {
    "eip155": {
      "chains": ["eip155:1", "eip155:137"],
      "methods": ["eth_sendTransaction", "eth_signTransaction", "personal_sign"],
      "events": ["accountsChanged", "chainChanged"],
      "accounts": ["eip155:1:0xab16a96d359ec26a11e2c2b3d8f8b8942d5bfcdb", "eip155:137:0xab16a96d359ec26a11e2c2b3d8f8b8942d5bfcdb"]
    },
    "cosmos": {

>       "accounts": [

Reviewer: this example is missing `chains: []` prop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "chains": ["cosmos:cosmoshub-4"],
      "accounts": [
```
